If you don't give us water, we will have to suck it out of a cute little bunny rabbit.
Hey, desert madmen have water and they're only level 12!
You can buy water for only one silver with a crude stein. Or is that too much to ask?
Plants auction, "Want to buy water! Will pay well! Gimme a tell."
If you have enough for your toilets, surely you have enough for us!
We all need water, except for Bob. We want him to die.
If you don't water us, we will sic our coconut on you! He's evil, I tells ya!
Of course, we could just cut our coconut up for milk. No! I didn't mean it coconut! Nooooooo! Put the feathered headdress and spears down!
Give us water or our throats will become so dry we'll talk like Harry Kissinger and revert to the Ursula voice!
Feed us or we will go on strike.
We want water.  We must have water.   Water is good.
You had better feed us water.  We know where you live.
Feed us water or we will suck it out of you while you sleep.
Pour Fa vor Senior.   Agua en la pot.  Muchas gracious.
Give us water or we will become carnivores.
Let's make a deal.  You give us water and we will give you oxygen.
If we don't get water soon, we will die and become brown, ugly, works of art, and who needs more works of art around here?
You don't want to get houseplants mad.  Can you spell Carbon Di-oxide?
You should pay us a little more respect.  We were here first you know.
If you don't water us, I'll invite my Uncle Venus over.  He is a man eating plant and he is usually really hungry.
Please give us water.  We promise that we won't squirt it all over like last time.
Water, we need water.  We are so dry, we are about to spontaneously combust!
Whats wrong, is the sink busted again?  Or maybe it is the watering pot this time.  You always have some excuse.  Sheez!
Paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa leeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzz!  Just a little water!  I know you have it.  I've seen you drink it.  
Come on!  Water is not that hard to find.  Just grab a couple of oxygen molecules and squish them together with some of those hydrogen dudes.
Water, please, any kind of water will do.  Except the yellow kind.
Heres a deal for you:  You give us water, and we will not eat your children.
Water, Koolaid, Orange Juice, Beer, Coffie, we don't care.  Please give us something!
Pretty please, with a little oxygen on top.  Give us water and we won't bug you again ... till next week.


